---
title: "Organizers"
bg: #FFFFFF
color: black
fa-icon: history
published: true
---


<!-- # Organizing Committee

<br> -->

## General Chair

<p style="text-align: center;">Xinyu Zhang (ROS China Education Foundation)</p>

<br>

{%comment%}
## Organizing Committee Members

<p style="text-align: center;">Chunxu Hu (D-Robotics, Guyuehome)</p>

<br>

# Program Committee

<p style="text-align: center;">Chunxu Hu (D-Robotics, Guyuehome)</p>

<br>

# Communications Chair

<p style="text-align: center;">Qiang Gu (Guyuehome)</p>

<br>
 
# ROSCon XX {{site.roscon_year}} Diversity Scholarships

<div class="diversity-video" style="display:flex; flex-direction: row;
	justify-content: center; align-items: center">
	<iframe class="foo" src="https://player.vimeo.com/video/563432608" width="800" height="600"
	frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

</div>


The ROSCon XX 20XX organizing committee aims for ROSCon to represent the entire ROS community in XX, which is diverse.
In addition to promoting technology that is open source, we strive to ensure that our community is as open and accessible as possible.
Inclusion and diversity benefit the ROS ecosystem as a whole.

Whoever you are, whatever you do, and wherever you do it, if you’re interested in ROS, then we want you to join us at ROSCon XX.
To help reduce financial barriers to conference attendance, the ROSCon XX organizing committee is offering a number of scholarships to members of traditionally underrepresented groups in the robotics community.
Thanks to the support of the program’s sponsors, each scholarship includes one complimentary conference registration and three nights’ accommodation shared with another recipient.
Limited travel support is available for participants whose travel to the conference would otherwise be infeasible.
Please note that all other expenses (including any visa requirements) will be the responsibility of the participant.

*To maximize the impact of scholarship funds, in previous years, scholarship recipients were asked to share a room with another recipient.
Under special circumstances alternative arrangements can be accommodated.*

**Participants will be responsible for covering their travel expenses up front, as the travel support will be provided after the conference has been attended.**

## Eligibility

We invite applications from members of groups that have been traditionally underrepresented in the robotics community, including but not limited to: women, people in LGBTQIA+ communities, people with disabilities, people from racial and/or ethnic minorities in the robotics community, and people from developing nations who may not otherwise be able to attend ROSCon XX.
Previous ROSCon XX Diversity Scholarship recipients are not eligible to re-apply.

We are proud to share the following feedback from past Diversity Scholars:

> The ROSCon Diversity Scholarship Program provided me with an opportunity that would have been completely impossible without it.
> I was able to attend my first robotics conference and feel empowered to keep working to try and make a positive impact on this community.
> Also, it was very encouraging to see so many companies stepping up to promote and enable diversity within their companies and the robotics community.
> Thank you!
> *ROSCon 2017 scholarship participant*

<br>

> ROSCon XX has been an incredible experience.
> It is really encouraging to see that everyone in the robotics community is really welcoming and willing to share their expertise.
> I learned a lot and I met incredible people.
> This experience inspired and motivated me to contribute more to the robotics community and make a positive impact.
> *ROSCon 2018 scholarship participant*

<br>

We also have a blog post of the [2017 Diversity Program](http://www.osrfoundation.org/roscon2017-diversity-review/).

<br>

## Sponsorship 

The ROSCon Diversity Scholarship is made possible thanks to sponsor organizations from the ROS community.

If your organization is interested in getting involved in the Diversity Program, please contact the <a href="mailto:roscon-xx-20XX-ec@example.com">executive committee</a>.

## How to Apply

To apply, fill out this [form](https://example.com) by June 13, 20XX, describing how you are involved with ROS and the robotics community, and what you hope to get out of attending ROSCon XX.
Scholarships will be awarded based on a combination of need and impact.
Every applicant will be notified of the outcome of their application.

### Diversity scholarship recipients will be notified August 15th, 20XX!

{% endcomment %}

<br>

# Code of Conduct

{% comment %}
Template imported from https://confcodeofconduct.com/
{% endcomment %}

All attendees, speakers, sponsors and volunteers at our conference are required to agree with the following code of conduct.
Organisers will enforce this code throughout the event.
We expect cooperation from all participants to help ensure a safe environment for everybody.
 

## The Quick Version

Our conference is dedicated to providing a harassment-free conference experience for everyone, regardless of gender, gender identity and expression, age, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, ethnicity, religion (or lack thereof), or technology choices.
We do not tolerate harassment of conference participants in any form.
Sexual language and imagery is not appropriate for any conference venue, including talks, workshops, parties, Twitter and other online media.
Conference participants violating these rules may be sanctioned or expelled from the conference without a refund at the discretion of the conference organizers.

## The Less Quick Version

Harassment includes offensive verbal comments related to gender, gender identity and expression, age, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, ethnicity, religion, technology choices, sexual images in public spaces, deliberate intimidation, stalking, following, harassing photography or recording, sustained disruption of talks or other events, inappropriate physical contact, and unwelcome sexual attention.

Participants asked to stop any harassing behavior are expected to comply immediately.

Sponsors are also subject to the anti-harassment policy.
In particular, sponsors should not use sexualised images, activities, or other material.
Booth staff (including volunteers) should not use sexualized clothing/uniforms/costumes, or otherwise create a sexualised environment.

If a participant engages in harassing behavior, the conference organisers may take any action they deem appropriate, including warning the offender or expulsion from the conference with no refund.

If you are being harassed, notice that someone else is being harassed, or have any other concerns, please contact a member of conference staff immediately.
Conference staff can be identified as they'll be wearing badges as well as there will be staff at the registration desk.

Conference staff will be happy to help participants contact hotel/venue security or local law enforcement, provide escorts, or otherwise assist those experiencing harassment to feel safe for the duration of the conference.
We value your attendance.

We expect participants to follow these rules at conference and workshop venues and conference-related social events.

<br>

